Chen Fan
Ruochu
Ruochu, Ruochu
Wasn't I hit by a car?
Where are the documents?
Only the dead can keep secrets.
You offended the Long Group.
Your family and loved ones will pay the price.
Next...
...we'll start with your little boyfriend, Chen Fan.
Chen Fan is okay.
That's great.
It's not too late to stay away from Chen Fan.
I can't drag him into my mess.
I'm sorry.
Chen Fan
Ruochu
Let's break up.
Ruochu! Su Ruochu!
Su Ruochu, are you there?
Ruochu!
Su Ruochu!
Who is that? Go to sleep!
Keep shouting and I'll throw hot water on you!
Throw it! I'll keep shouting!
Just leave already.
Stop making noise!
Su Ruochu!
We're trying to sleep!
You're Chen Fan, right?
Su Ruochu says to stop shouting.
She's not coming down.
I suggest you stop pestering her.
Besides...
Besides what?
Besides, making a scene like this...
...is humiliating for Ruochu.
From now on, whenever she goes up or down the stairs,
people will point and whisper.
I didn't mean to.
Just go, hurry.
The car accident happened during my internship in 2004.
It's only 2001 now.
Who exactly wants to harm me?
The Long Group.
Long Group established...
...entered Yunhai...
I probably won't find anything in these public records.
Then the internal Archives Room...
...might hold some clues.
Let me introduce a newcomer.
Our new colleague, Su Ruochu.
Let's welcome her.
Hello everyone.
Get back to work.
Come with me.
This is your new desk.
Read these materials to familiarize yourself with the business.
Okay.
Um, excuse me.
I wanted to ask...
which floor is the Records Room on?
It's on the third floor.
But why do you ask?
I just want to familiarize myself with the company.
So I don't go to the wrong floor when delivering files.
Xiao Wang.
Come here a moment.
Oh, okay.
You get to work.
Archives Room.
Where is the Archives Room?
Who's there?
Brother Honghai
Is something the matter?
I heard from your mom
that you're interning at Long Technologies.
Why didn't you tell me such good news?
Long Technologies has been
one of the top companies these past two years.
Even I want to work there.
Today is my first day at work too.
First day, huh?
Yeah.
Are you still at the company?
Yes.
But I'm getting off work soon.
Tell you what,
wait for me for a bit.
I happen to be handling something nearby.
Let me drive you back to school, okay?
It's raining right now.
You can't get back easily anyway.
No need, Brother Honghai.
It's fine, listen to me.
Wait for me.
I'll be there in a bit.
Ruochu, I will definitely win you back.
Hello, Boss Liu.
You're the new intern in Marketing, right?
Yes.
It's so late.
Working overtime on your first day?
Isn't it raining outside today?
I'm waiting for a friend to pick me up.
Ruochu.
Brother Honghai.
So you were waiting for your boyfriend.
I won't keep you young lovebirds.
Um, this is my friend.
Brother Honghai, this is...
I know, I know.
Manager Liu of Long Technologies.
Hello, hello.
You're so young,
yet you've led Long Technologies to become an industry leader.
It's truly admirable.
I actually often read
the articles about you in the newspapers.
Actually, we can be considered peers.
My friend and I previously
worked on a website called DomainNet together.
This is my business card.
Zhou Honghai.
So you're the person behind DomainNet.
Alright, I'll remember you.
Um, Brother Honghai...
also ran a computer school back in our hometown.
I got it.
Come by the company again when you have a chance.
Let's talk about that website of yours.
Sure, sure, sure.
Xiao Su.
Remember, don't stay alone next time
working overtime this late.
Long Technologies
Big leaders at big companies are different
So approachable
He even took my business card
Do you know a lot about Long Technologies?
Of course
Long Technologies is backed by the Long Group
In the tech industry these past two years,
it's the fastest-rising company
But you coming here for an internship...
didn't you know about it?
Of course I know about it
I'm actually surprised you're interning here
Didn't you spend all your time before
hanging out with that kid Chen Fan?
I...
We've already broken up
Just don't mention him in front of me
Broken up?
When did that happen?
A couple of days ago
Didn't he just celebrate your birthday?
I saw he posted photos on his profile
That's all in the past
Anyway
from now on, don't mention
Chen Fan in front of me
Or I'm afraid I'll find it hard to let go again
So
you came here to intern just to avoid him?
It's normal for young couples to break up and make up
But
why did you two break up?
Well...
it's hard to explain in a few words
Just don't ask
You wouldn't believe me if I told you anyway
Stop asking
Fine, I won't ask
But I think that kid Chen Fan
won't give up that easily
I hope he can move on soon
After all
only being apart is best for him
I think, how about this
If he keeps pestering you
just say the two of us are together
Provoke him a bit
We've known each other for so long anyway
it'd be normal, right?
I'll figure out the future when it comes
Then you definitely have to come to me
I'm your best candidate
Let's go
By the way, Brother Honghai
about my internship at the Long Group
could you not tell Chen Fan?
Sure
Don't worry
Okay
I'll head back now
Yeah